Segment 0:  So you're going to Stampede tomorrow. Are there any foods that you're are you going to try the foods or are you just going to I'm going to try some of them, but I don't know.

Segment 1:  Are you going to try the cheeseburger, ice cream cheeseburger? I feel like I'm a little scared to like waste so much money because I mean, I can share $10.00 for it too.

Segment 2:  Yeah, like $13. Like okay, in Japan like we had. It's like really, it's called creamy and it's like, I think it's like some sort of Marvel science where I don't know, I think that's a lot of food science.

Segment 3:  They got it like extra creamy. I don't know the science. I'm not a food scientist, but like it. It was like like I could be paying $13 for that much or a hot dog.

Segment 4:  But not. Yeah. I don't really want to try the cheeseburger ice cream. Apparently it tastes like meat. Yeah. Like, accurate. Yeah. And like, it's got, like, cheese powder on the cone and, like, an onion ring and a pickle.

Segment 5:  Cheese powder is already like. I like all of those things individually. OK. I like onion rings. I like Pickles. I like cheese. Cheese powder is fine.

Segment 6:  I like ice cream. I like it. I like cheeseburgers. They do not belong together. Not in an ice cream, no. I think the ice cream part makes it a sin.

Segment 7:  I mean, like, even though the alligator sounds funny, I I still, I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, Remember the scorpion pizza? That makes me so uncomfortable.

Segment 8:  That's actually gross. How do they get so many? Where do they get them from? I don't know. There's no scorpions here. Oh my gosh, I don't want to think about it.

Segment 9:  One time when my dad worked in Texas, he brought back a scorpion like lollipop for us. And him and my brother ate it. It's like those.

Segment 10:  Have you seen those, like Cricket? Like snacks? Yes. Yeah. I've never tried any candy stores. Yeah, they're always. I don't know why. Yeah, I refuse to try that.

Segment 11:  Yeah, me too. That's my worst people. Always. I'm like, always curious. People always say it actually doesn't taste that bad. But like, I'm not.

Segment 12:  I don't really like bugs. In the first place, no, that's actually like, you know, I used to watch Fear Factor and like, most of those things I would be fine with because I know I was safe.

Segment 13:  Like the thing where you have to like jump off of something or like go into water or whatever it is that they make you do, right?

Segment 14:  I know that you'll be safe. Yeah. It wouldn't bother me. But I think to me, the one thing that they always make you do that I would not be able to get past is where you have to like, eat, eat like.

Segment 15:  A bug or like, yeah, get into a bin and just lay there with all of the bugs crawling over you. Or like the snakes, like I just, I couldn't do Fear Factor just for that reason.

Segment 16:  Like anything else that they do on there I could do. I think like I could psych myself out enough. Yeah. I feel like, yeah.

Segment 17:  It's just like, I don't like it. I used to watch like Amazing Race with my mom and like, sometimes they would just always end up eating bugs.

Segment 18:  I don't know why that's always a thing. Like, yeah, a lot of other things they did were, like, difficult or, like, interesting, But then they always end up eating bug bugs.

Segment 19:  Oh my God, yeah. That's like the part where I would lose. I would just quit. Yeah. Like, I don't care. Some people like, straight up just like, I'm out.

Segment 20:  Like, they're like. How many countries in they're just like, no, I'm going home. That's so real. That's so real. I could not do it.

Segment 21:  Yeah, that's kind of sad, though. Yeah. I mean, I kind of feel bad 'cause like, they got so far and then they have like a plate of crawling bugs in front of them.

Segment 22:  You know, there's a kind of cheese in France that you can get where like, this is also a really weird conversation topic all of a sudden.

Segment 23:  Just like cheese. I hope that's right. I'll make all the prototype. But no, it's a kind of cheese. It's like a delicacy and what they do.

Segment 24:  They, I guess they make the cheese and then they leave it outside, and then it attracts a certain kind of fly. And then the flies lay their eggs and then the maggots hatch.

Segment 25:  And then and then it basically has the maggots grow. They're like eating the cheese and like it leaves them. And it does that like, a bunch of times.

Segment 26:  And then the cheese becomes, like, really soft and creamy and delicious, apparently. And apparently when you eat it, the maggots are still there, but most of them fall off.

Segment 27:  And if they don't, it's just extra protein. Yeah, I couldn't do that. But I heard it's really good, But I'm gonna take whoever tried it and I'm not gonna.

Segment 28:  There's other really good things that I like to try in this world. That doesn't need to be one of them. I think there is a lot, a long list of other things that I'd rather try.

Segment 29:  Although it's kind of weird that, like, we're OK eating like shrimp and lobster 'cause they're essentially the same thing. Yeah, they're like basically sea bugs.

Segment 30:  But like once they're in sea, in the sea, they're just like, oh, that's OK.
Yeah, I don't know. Why don't you start eating one?

Segment 31:  They're like all the same. Like, oh, you use shrimp, but shrimp is like a big lot. I mean, like a small lobster. Yeah. And then all.

Segment 32:  And then you and then you lump all shrimp. And they say that like the cockroaches of the sea. Did they? I don't know. I've never heard that.

Segment 33:  But like, I would believe you. I think they come. They're delicious. Yeah. I love shrimp. A little bit of garlic, a little bit of lemon shrimp.

Segment 34:  That would be when I'm working shrimp last year. Yeah, so. Actually, one of like my favorite things that I tried is swordfish. Oh really?

Segment 35:  I've never, I've never tried. I think it was swordfish actually. Could be wrong. What does it taste like? Like what's the texture like chicken, Really.

Segment 36:  Everything tastes like chicken. You know, probably not. I don't remember to be honest. I just remember it being really good. That's pretty cool. Like, I don't think.

Segment 37:  Well, hmm. I don't think I've had any, like, super strange fish. My dad actually, like, does not like fish Even so that that causes problems for like, the Asian family sometimes.

Segment 38:  I could see that. Yeah. Like, that was an interesting Japan trip. He just refused to eat fish. Like my mom and my brother like fish.

Segment 39:  I like fish, too. I don't like sushi as much, but like, I like, I still like it, you know, but and I like fish as much as they do for my dad.

Segment 40:  It's like, The funny thing is he, he hates like the smell of fish. You can't eat it. But. He really likes looking at fish.

Segment 41:  Like we brought him to the aquarium. He was like, he like named the most obscure like, like he was a huge fish. Like Oh my God, it was a huge fish.

Segment 42:  And he named like this really obscure fish that none of us knew the name of like, and we were like, how did you know the name of that?

Segment 43:  And no answer, No, no response. Just like filming the fish. Like honestly, he just knew like the species, like the like the type of fish.

Segment 44:  I don't even know what it's called anymore. It was freaking huge. That's so funny. It was so funny. Just a secret fish enthusiast. Yeah.

Segment 45:  And every every time we're like near a body of water that is not like a pond because obviously why would that have fish? I mean, fish pond would have fish.

Segment 46:  But, you know, in Calgary, probably not really. Anytime we're near a lake or something or the ocean, he'll start looking for fish. It's like, did you see?

Segment 47:  He'll go to me and he like, did you see any fish? It's like, daughter, did you see any fish? So funny. Yeah. Have you ever been fishing?

Segment 48:  I've been once. I don't remember catching any fish though. Like on a boat and everything? Or just like. No, it was like on a dock, I think.

Segment 49:  We were camping with my cousin and my uncle took us, according to my dad, that he used to fish a lot because they were friends.

Segment 50:  But I don't remember catching any fish. I was kind of small. Have you ever been? I think I've been barrel fishing once. Which is like.

Segment 51:  Fake fishing. What it's like there's, I think this was like years ago. I was probably like, I was pretty young. I think what it is is there's just like a bunch of like wooden barrels with fish and like with like water and fish inside of them, fish in the barrel and then you just go fishing in the barrel, I mean.

Segment 52:  If you're young, I feel like it's a good idea, yeah. Like you're gonna catch a fish. Probably, yeah. I don't remember if I caught anything or not, but.

Segment 53:  Yeah, my brother, I think he went for the first time last or not a couple weeks ago. So he his friend. I don't know.

Segment 54:  He has a friend who has a lot of money and his friend basically took him and a bunch of his other friends on like this fishing trip.

Segment 55:  It was all paid for. They had like a boat and everything. They had like a cabin to stay in for the weekend and like they just have to bring themselves.

Segment 56:  And he caught, I think. So for the first few days he didn't catch anything and on the last day he caught like a bunch of fish that were like the size of him.

Segment 57:  That's that's like secret, secret. Secret bucket list catcher, giant fish. I kinda wanna do that too. I I do wanna go fishing at least once in my life.

Segment 58:  Like a proper fishing fun. My brothers friend just started fishing like lately. Yeah, I heard it's not actually fun because most of the time you're just kinda just sit there.

Segment 59:  But I heard that's also why people like it though 'cause it's an excuse to just sit there and not do anything. Fair enough 'cause like otherwise, like if you're at home not doing anything, you're like, I should be doing something, but if you're fishing, not doing anything, you're outdoors.

Segment 60:  Well, I'm waiting for fish. I'm doing something. I'm waiting for fish. It's just vibes. Oh yeah, in this YouTube video my parents were watching, I I think it was in Korea.

Segment 61:  I think there's these old grannies. They were. I was watching them like they put on like wetsuits and they just dove into the ocean and started like spearfishing.

Segment 62:  And I was like, wow. It's like they're different then they're they're different than they're different. Different than the grandmas I know. Yeah. I don't know if I'd like to go spearfishing somehow.

Segment 63:  I don't know, This is kind of stupid, but like, I think I feel more bad spearfishing than I would like, 'cause you're just like, straight up stabbing a fish.

Segment 64:  Yeah, I get what you mean. Like, I know that it's no different at the end of the day, but somehow it just makes me feel more bad.

Segment 65:  Yeah, like, it's kind of different. Like, wait, like sometimes when you see people preparing seafood and they don't like. Properly kill it first. They just like cut off its legs first.

Segment 66:  I feel like it's or like when they throw the lobster in the boiling. Yeah, it's really bad. My parents don't like it like that either.

Segment 67:  That's so bad. Just kill it first. Yeah. I really feel bad, Yeah. That's a horrible way to go. Yeah. I would not like to be that lobster, no.

Segment 68:  Just to end up in someone's stomach, Sebastian. Is there anything else you've tried? I it's hard for me to say something weird because after a while I could, it could be like something that you thought was like, like different at the time.

Segment 69:  But like you really liked it different at times or maybe just something that you really like? I'm blanking now. I. Do you like baking at all?

Segment 70:  Yeah, sometimes. What do you like to bake? Cookies. Usually because they're easy. Yeah. Also, I feel like if you bake like, a cake or something, there's a lot of pressure to have to, like, eat the whole thing.

Segment 71:  Or like with cookies, you can just have a couple and then whoever else can have a few and then you can just give some away.

Segment 72:  Yeah. Be for me, I.
I think I have like a cake like I I like I like cake too much. I really like, I always like cake.

Segment 73:  That's fair. There's a photo of me when I was a little kid. I was just, we were trying to wrangle all the kids on the couch for a family photo.

Segment 74:  And then I was just licking my grandma's birthday cake in the front. And then my little cousin started copying me. Well, I mean, they were the same me, basically the same age as me, let's be real.

Segment 75:  But they all started copying me. That you're the little cousin. I am the little cousin. So so I have to I show it to my mom and then my mom was like.

Segment 76:  You always like eating. No, Yeah, my mom's the same way. She's like, you like food too much. I'm like, OK, I'm like. Well, it makes me happy.

Segment 77:  Literally everything. Party I go to is just me looking for the food. Me me ex food. Name a better collaboration Me or me and cake or.

Segment 78:  Yeah, I, I like, I like, I like decorating cakes. It's fun. Do you have a favorite type of cake to make or Usually I make like Strawberry Shortcake.

Segment 79:  My dad makes that one more, actually. Yeah, but do you, like, make the actual cake part? Yeah, I make, like, all of it. Yeah.

Segment 80:  We usually cheat and we buy those little, like, yellow cake things. It's fair enough. They're like round, like the dip in them. I don't know if you've seen them before.

Segment 81:  Yeah, I have. I have. I know what you're talking about. Yeah, but I always see them. I've always seen them at the store. Once I try making.

Segment 82:  Like melon melon bread or like pineapple buns. Oh yeah, and then. I, I was like, the dough looks so good. I was, I was so convinced that I was gonna be so good.

Segment 83:  And then I baked it and then I ate it and it was like the most normal bread it ever. And so like I was so like, that's so disappointing.

Segment 84:  I tried to gaslight myself into believing like, oh, it's good. And then every time I bite, I'm like, it's like normal red. It's not even that sweet.

Segment 85:  Hey, at least it didn't taste bad. It it was. Yeah, I definitely ate them. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Stretching, yeah. Yeah, I haven't really been baking a lot lately either because, like, especially because my mom can be really annoying about it.

Segment 86:  Yeah, 'cause then when I bake, she's like, who's going to eat this now? And I'm like, me, Yeah, Yeah. Honestly, my mom is like that too.

Segment 87:  Usually I just make things that I eat within. Like, if it's just me, it's kind of awkward. Yeah. And then she will complain about, like, what I use or like for following the recipe.

Segment 88:  Yeah, yeah. It's like, it's like when my brother got banned from the kitchen once, Why? He made like, I think he tried to bake like a chicken breast and then the, like, the grease was just like splattering everywhere and he made a mess.

Segment 89:  And then did he not use a baking pan? Did he use a baking sheet? But it was still like, you know what? The like the oil splatter.

Segment 90:  Yeah. It was like flying everywhere 'cause it was hot, really hot. Oh, he didn't cover it. Yeah, I don't think so. He's. Let's just say not the best of cooking.

Segment 91:  That's kind of funny. And then she just banned it from the kitchen. She didn't mean it. But like, at the time, we were just like, OK, OK, mom, like, walk away in fear.

Segment 92:  I won't cook anymore. Yeah. And then and then she's like, why don't you cook this? Like a few weeks later? And we're like, I thought we were banned.

Segment 93:  OK, Mom, yeah, I'm trying to start cooking more. I've, oh, I've gotten really into making chili eggs recently. That was like a viral recipe for a bit.

Segment 94:  I think with like, you put the chili oil in the pan and then you just put two eggs in, and then the chili oil kind of cooks into the eggs and then you put a bit on top and then you can put those on rice.

Segment 95:  Yeah, that's really good. Yeah. I started making them with a pedigree onion. It's so good. It's been good 'cause like between that and I started doing overnight oats as well, and I started eating breakfast because I never used to eat breakfast, but I can only do the eggs if there's rice, which there isn't always rice.

Segment 96:  So. You don't like eggs and toast? Or not. I'm not a big fan of toast, to be honest. I, I can, I, I, I can eat it, but it's just.

Segment 97:  Yeah, I prefer rice. I like eggs and rice, but I also like eggs and toast. I think I just like eggs. Actually. I think when I was a little kid I said I was like an eggitarian.

Segment 98:  That's hilarious. I see. The thing for me is I don't like eggs. I'm like, not, I don't know, I like eggs in very specific ways, but I don't like yeah, I think I just don't like the flavor.

Segment 99:  I like the yolk. Yeah, I like the eggy, like, yeah, smell like yeah, you know, like the egg whites just by themselves. Like I like it if it's like on something else, but like, I think I don't like it with the toes because, I don't know, it just still is too egg flavored.

Segment 100:  Yeah. But with the rice, I think especially with the chili oil, like a lot of that flavor, sort of like the chili oil masks the eggy flavor, and then it also sort of leaks into the rice and then the yolk also leaks into the rice.

Segment 101:  Yeah. And then it's just good. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, I, my dad makes that. Like lately he's been making that kind of chili oil, so every time he fries the garlic, the whole house is like.

Segment 102:  The garlic is great, but when we eat fries that much, it's like, it's like, impressive how much smell it can give off. Really. Yeah.

Segment 103:  How much garlic does he use? Oh, my goodness. Like the whole thing is mostly like, he uses the whole, like, the whole garlic bulb every time.

Segment 104:  I feel like more than that, 'cause like we have, like, little jar 'cause we usually just use, like, one or two cloves. Yeah. For.

Segment 105:  Oh, not, not for, like, it's like a jar of the sauce 'cause I think it's more common. Oh, he makes a sauce. Yeah. Like, that makes sense.

Segment 106:  Yeah. It's like you would have it with various types of Vietnamese food. They have a million types of hot sauce like, oh, this is this is this is better for the like Frank is better for this then Sasha's better for this and then.

Segment 107:  This chili crisp is better for this. We just buy the lock on my one. Never had. Like I only sell the means. Yeah, it's good.

Segment 108:  I mean, we have the chili oil with peanuts and the chili crisp. So it's good. I mean, we don't like making stuff very nice.

Segment 109:  So like, I know people make their own dumplings and make their own chili crisp and make their own, like, kimchi. Yeah. My dad only does the.

Segment 110:  We I think we used to buy it too. So yeah. And I actually learned how to make this year, though, the sticky rice. Oh yeah, yeah, he's my friend makes it.

Segment 111:  So that was my first time actually. Well, OK, that's a lie we make. We used to make wonton. Never. I've never made like wonton at home.

Segment 112:  Like we're like dumplings. I used to do it. We've never made like dump like other dumplings, just the wonton. But we actually haven't. I should ask my mom about that.

Segment 113:  We haven't done that in years. It was really good when my mom made it. And then we'd wrap the spring rolls too. Oh yeah.

Segment 114:  The other day I was like. Slaving away just, like, rolling and rolling and rolling. And then mom was like, alright, roll more. And I'm like, no, yeah.

Segment 115:  The thing is, like my mom does it herself because, well, I help her sometimes, but I'll always want to help her. But then she won't tell me when she starts.

Segment 116:  Or she'll start when I'm like, in the middle of something. Yeah. And then I'll be like, well, I was going to help you. And she'll just be like, well, you were busy.

Segment 117:  Yeah. OK. Well, you didn't tell me. Yeah, that happens to my parents a while. So it's kind of like, sucky because then you feel bad, but then they make you feel bad even though it's not you.

Segment 118:  But it's like you but not you. They didn't communicate it. Yeah. Communicate didn't say anything. Could be like that. Maybe like that. It's OK. At least they turn out deliciously.

Segment 119:  Yeah. Homemade dumplings and spring rolls just kind of hit different. Spring rolls are so good. Spring rolls. I used to make like. What is this?

Segment 120:  Like, what is it like steamed buns? Oh yeah, I've never actually made those. They're they're just a little bit ugly, but it's how do you make them?

Segment 121:  So I think it's like a, it's pretty much like a normal bread. And when you're making it like yeast and like flour and water stuff type stuff.

Segment 122:  No like butter or anything, but like basic bread ingredients and then you and then you just like wrap it and steam it basically. So it's like.

Segment 123:  OK steamed red but like not but the bread is different. Sounds cursed. I don't mean it's because you steam it instead of baking it.

Segment 124:  Maybe that's what makes it taste different. I think it does because like this one. Dessert, I think this that my mom makes, she usually steams it and then it well, I don't know how to describe it.

Segment 125:  It's like. Well. It's not really a cupcake, but it's it's like rice anymore. But like, I think usually people bake it and it tastes very a lot more eggy.

Segment 126:  That my mom said, and she really doesn't like when pastries kind of taste eggy. So that's why she always sees it, apparently. But it tastes good Steam, so I'm just like, whatever.

Segment 127:  That's interesting. Yeah. I should try making that. I always get the handmade ones from TNT sometimes when they sell them. Those are good. I got this truffle one once.

Segment 128:  It was so good. We usually just get BBQ pork and we usually get that one too, but I don't know. I just tried this truffle one once and I've been thinking about it ever since.

Segment 129:  It was so good. Yeah, we. Yeah, I don't know. We used to like to get the. Like the frozen steam buns in the bags.

Segment 130:  Oh yeah, my dad, we still buy those. Well, we do, but like they've gotten so expensive. It's like we usually get the BBQ pork ones, but they're like a lot more expensive than they used to be.

Segment 131:  And then there's this other one we used to buy. It was, it was like pickled cabbage or something. Not like kimchi, but it was like a pickle something bun.

Segment 132:  And yeah, they just sold them frozen at TNT and they used to be cheap and no one used to buy them. But now they're always sold out.

Segment 133:  Oh, really? Yeah. Wow. So they were really good. So that sucks, you know? Yeah, that is going to suck. I also like like the dessert ones, like.

Segment 134:  Ravine or custard or custard? Yeah, those are really good. Yeah, we got those at dim sum. Yeah, so good. Or like the pineapple buns at dim sum.

Segment 135:  We. Yeah, we don't normally we don't get a lot of buns at dim sum. We just get like a bunch of the dumplings and like the eggplant stuff.

Segment 136:  If you ever go to dim sum at like, I think it's now called Cafe 100%. Oh, I've been there once, I think. Yeah. I don't know the menu.

Segment 137:  I don't know if the menu is different from place to place, but it used to be called Pebble St. It's in the Northeast, like, yeah, I've been there.

Segment 138:  If you ever go there, the the pineapple buns at Dim Sum are really good. OK, good to know. They're like there's Dim Sum good there.

Segment 139:  Yeah, it's really good there. Like we should try it then 'cause we usually go to the Ginger beef Easter house. Country house. And I feel like that's such like, it used to be it.

Segment 140:  It's really good. And it used to have not a lot of people or not as many people, I think because it was called Ginger Beef Bistro House.

Segment 141:  Yeah. And that screams like inauthentic. Yeah. But it's actually, like, really good. But now it's always so packed. Like if you try to go for dim sum, it's like minimum, like during peak hours, minimum, like one hour wait.

Segment 142:  Oh, really? Wow. Yeah. Oh. But then there's this other one called Aroma dim Sum that we started going to. Because I think that one was full, the only wanted to go to, so we just randomly went to this one and it was really good.

Segment 143:  Yeah, if you go to dim sum at like the cafe, 100% I think. I think the ceiling is good. I don't know what it is in English.

Segment 144:  Like the sticky rice thing is good. The pineapple ones. Mango pudding is good too if you if you want it for dessert. What else do you like?

Segment 145:  I don't there's, I think it's like fried doughnut with like rice. Yeah. Those are really good. Yeah. Yeah. We usually get like the rice crepe thing with like the shrimp and the BBQ pork.

Segment 146:  Yeah. We don't normally get the the Chinese donut one as much unless we're with someone else who orders it. I really like it, but it's good.

Segment 147:  Parents don't like to order that one. Fair enough. My dad really likes it. Actually. My whole family likes it, to be honest. Yeah, the peanut sauce and I'm like peanut.

Segment 148:  I'm like peanut butter. I think my favorite dim sum is like. You know the like. I don't know. It's called. It's like the tarot bird's nest thing.

Segment 149:  I know what you're talking about. Yeah. It's so good. They have good ones there, too. OK. Yeah, That one's, like, my favorite. I get that one every time.

Segment 150:  And then if I go to a dim sum place that doesn't have it, I just get sad devastation. This is the worst day of my life.

Segment 151:  Oh, the pork ones are also really good. Like, they're super fluffy. Like. I don't know how to do that. That sounds yummy. I won't do something.

Segment 152:  Yeah, me too. I also like the the stuffed eggplant. I don't think we've ever gotten that one. Yeah, it's like they do like the eggplant with like.

Segment 153:  Shrimp and a bunch of other stuff like stuffed inside of it and then they like. Bake it in the sauce. I don't know. It's good.

Segment 154:  That's interesting, though. Yeah. Funny, 'cause my mom always wants to get chicken feet, but then no one wants to eat it with her family eats chicken feet.

Segment 155:  Yeah, my dad really likes beef balls. Oh, gosh, I can't do the like, I don't like the Asian meatballs, like the fish balls or the meatballs.

Segment 156:  Like, I don't know. Ever since I was a kid, I just, I don't like how it tastes. I should really like this. Like, I'm not always 'cause sometimes they turn out kind of weird.

Segment 157:  But like, I like fishballs, so I don't like, you can get it at hot pot too, and I always avoid those. But like, sometimes that's half the menu.

Segment 158:  How do you feel about like? Those little mushrooms, like I think enoki oh, I love those. I love those so good and they're so good.

Segment 159:  I could just eat enoki all day every day. Exactly. I love I I don't know, I feel like there's certain things that like. In Asian cooking just hit different like spinach.

Segment 160:  I don't normally like like or not I don't like it. I don't get excited about like spinach in a salad or however like they eat it here.

Segment 161:  But like my mom will like fry it up. And like the soy sauce and everything else and I don't know, spinach just tastes so good like that, like on rice.

