Segment0:
Topic: Unusual Food Combinations 
Sentence: I don't really want to try the cheeseburger ice cream. 

Segment1:
Topic: Exotic Foods
Sentence: Remember the scorpion pizza? That makes me so uncomfortable.

Segment2:
Topic: Fear of Eating Bugs
Sentence: I couldn't do Fear Factor just for that reason.

Segment3:
Topic: Unusual Cheese
Sentence: Apparently when you eat it, the maggots are still there, but most of them fall off.

Segment4:
Topic: Seafood Preferences
Sentence: Although it's kind of weird that, like, we're OK eating like shrimp and lobster 'cause they're essentially the same thing.

Segment5:
Topic: Dislike of Fish
Sentence: The funny thing is he, he hates like the smell of fish.

Segment6:
Topic: Fish Enthusiast
Sentence: Just a secret fish enthusiast.

Segment7:
Topic: Fishing Experiences
Sentence: I do wanna go fishing at least once in my life.

Segment8:
Topic: Cruel Food Preparation
Sentence: Just kill it first. 

Segment9:
Topic: Baking Preferences
Sentence: I like, I like, I like decorating cakes.

Segment10:
Topic: Baking Challenges
Sentence: My mom can be really annoying about it.

Segment11:
Topic: Cooking Experiences
Sentence: I've gotten really into making chili eggs recently.

Segment12:
Topic: Dislike of Eggs
Sentence: I like eggs in very specific ways, but I don't like yeah, I think I just don't like the flavor.

Segment13:
Topic: Homemade Food
Sentence: We used to make wonton.

Segment14:
Topic: Family Cooking Dynamics
Sentence: It's kind of like, sucky because then you feel bad, but then they make you feel bad even though it's not you.

Segment15:
Topic: Steamed Buns
Sentence: I used to make like steamed buns.

Segment16:
Topic: Dim Sum Favorites
Sentence: My favorite dim sum is like, you know the like, I don't know, it's called, it's like the tarot bird's nest thing.

Segment17:
Topic: Dim Sum Dishes
Sentence: I also like the stuffed eggplant.

Segment18:
Topic: Dim Sum Preferences
Sentence: I don't like the Asian meatballs, like the fish balls or the meatballs.
