Segment 0: Time to mentally prepare. I was not ready when she was ready. Oh my gosh. Yeah, no, She was like, let's go skydiving. Like, right now. I know. It's just like, I've never even thought about this before. What do you mean? Yeah, I thought she was like joking at first, or like by how soon she wanted to go. But then yeah, she sends me the pictures of her. And I was like, Oh yeah, OK yeah, I thought. I thought that there would be more time in between, too. Yeah, like, she's she's very much like that. Like, she asked me a couple times and I was always like, oh, like I'll think about it, whatever. And then she's like, OK, enough is enough.

Segment 1: And she just went and did it, which is crazy. I was like, oh, do you think that Emmanuel would go with you? Bro, I don't know, 'cause like he's I, I think he would, 'cause he's definitely like an adrenaline junkie to a certain extent. Like, he really likes to do that type of stuff. I mean, honestly, Yeah, probably. I feel like you could go together then. That'd be cute. Bro, I The thing is like, I want to, but I'm also like, there's just so many implications of going 'cause it's like. Like, yeah, you're with the instructor, but like, things can always go wrong. You know what I mean? But umm, another thing is like I want to get my actual motorcycle license. I want to be 1. Sorry, I said you've been talking about that for like 2 years. I thought you know the lessons. Let me tell you why. OK 'cause I did do the lessons right and like it was fine, whatever. But The thing is like you can't practice without a license and like the way you get the license is with the driven test. So it's like it's not like where you can get a learner's and have someone like like you can drive when someone is there with you, right? That's fully licensed. You can't do that with a motorcycle, right? And then it's also like do I really want to invest like 3-4 K in a bike? And I'm still learning and like, what happens if I drop it? Or like, you know, there's like lots of things that can ruin a bike. Yeah, So you know what I mean? So it's like. I need to either be able to rent one at my lessons place and like be able to get decent, or I have to buy one and be like incredibly careful.

Segment 2: But I don't know if I trust myself enough yet 'cause I feel like even if you rent one then that's and you damage it, that's still. I feel like that would still cost you money, right? Well, it's a little different because like when I did my lessons, I did end up like crashing or not crashing, but I did drop two bikes, but they couldn't charge me because it's included in the fee, because it's, I mean, I guess they probably put some Lance guards on there and stuff too, to make sure that. It doesn't get completely. What would be on your bucket list? Honestly, I feel like I've achieved a lot of those things in the past couple years. OK, subtle flags. I see you. I haven't really. I mean the one thing that was on my bucket list for a really long time, but I did it when I was in Singapore or no, when I went to Indonesia. Was I always really wanted to go like, you know, what those caves behind the waterfalls? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I always wanted to do that. And then I got to do it when I was in Indonesia. It was kind of musty, to be honest, but it was so cool. Oh, really? I didn't know it was like it'd be musty. Well, I mean, it's a big cave with like an eternal flow of water coming down and splashing into the dark, damp cave. OK. Yeah. When you put it like that, honestly. OK, to be fair, I kind of didn't expect it either. But then I was like, yeah, I don't really know what I was expecting. Yeah, fair enough. What about like travelling? Like would you ever go to Egypt? You would want to go to Egypt, I feel like. Yeah, I feel like going to those parts of the world, especially, like as a woman, you kind of have to take more precautions. OK, yeah, that's true. That's true. But it's definitely something I'd want to do eventually. I want to go back to Europe. Oh, I want to go to. Like Germany. Or like those little provinces in France that aren't Paris. And like. I just wanna go to like those cities that like fairy tales are based off of like the castles and everything. That's cute. I like that. Yeah 'cause that'd be dope. We did a very, like when we went to Europe, it was we kinda just through Paris in there, 'cause we could. But it was very like. Greece, Italy and like all of the very historical stuff like Greek, Roman mythology or like sort of those empires, those times, which was great, like that was also on my bucket list. So I'm not upset about that, but the next thing I want to do is. Kind of see some of that more. I guess. What we would consider like romantic history, right? Yeah, that that would be really cool. I think you already got to see like you went to the Louvre and everything, right? So you also like that's something that's on my bucket list. I wanna see that in person. And also honestly I I'd say Paris is worth going to if you just wanna go for like the tourist attractions. And I heard it's like, OK if you live there, but like. In terms of like Paris being the most romantic city in the world.

Segment 3: I think if you're going with that mindset, you're going to be disappointed. Yeah, I heard it's actually like really like kind of dirty and kind of they're route the tourists. I think they don't like tourists. Yeah, yeah. That's, which is fair. But then it's also like you've never been a tourist anywhere. Like, I don't know. I also wanna go to Australia. Oh my God.

Segment 4: I wanna go back to Australia so badly. It was so beautiful. I loved it. Yeah, it like it. Just it. It sounds so cool. It looks so beautiful. Haven't given you any of the postcards or anything that I've like, collected for you. I I remember you gave me the ones from Paris. Yeah, from Europe. But I'm pretty sure I grab some stuff for you when I was in Australia too, but I don't. I'd have to look for that stuff now.

Segment 5: But I love that you think of me like that's so cute. Now I just have a collection of postcards of places I've never been, but I will go. I mean, that's the whole point of a postcard, right? It's also motivation for me to be like, yeah, you're like, oh, this is so pretty.

Segment 6: I gotta go now. And it's also, I try to get the like ones that are very specific to like the places that I see, I guess that are just like Australia or like whatever, like super big. Yeah, so like the meteorum ones I thought were really pretty. So now you can look at that and be like, I didn't know this place existed, but it's super pretty. So I'm gonna go here, 'cause I have a postcard. Yeah, I totally wanna do that. I wanna like, travel. I wanna do all these. What do you think about, like, bungee jumping? Because I also think about doing that. But again, I I do want to try both skydiving and bungee jumping, but I'm just a little scared. Yeah, right, 'cause it's like I'm worried I'd faint, like, low key. I'm worried about that something will go wrong. Yeah, that too. That too. I always think of that story that Mister Weenus told in physics of someone who went bungee jumping with a not bungee jumping rope. Oh my God, I remember that story. And the guy split in half. This is just sort of like I was sort of finished that story on this recording, but yeah. I totally forgot about that. I know. I just. Every time I think about bungee jumping, I honestly, I think about that story a lot. Like it's. You know what? Yeah, I feel like that story is holding us back from our true dream of going buddy jumping. I really want to go zip lining through our rainforest. Oh my gosh, that sounds so pretty. Yeah, like you can do it. I've gone zip lining, but I've always seen them, like zip lining through the rainforest. Oh, you know what I really want to do? I want to go to China so bad.

Segment 7: China is just absolutely beautiful, especially like, I think like Beijing and Shanghai and like, those really common ones are nice, 'cause they're very city like. Just in that sense, but. The other provinces in China, like especially some of the less touristy places, are absolutely gorgeous and just. Chinese aesthetic I think is very beautiful. Yeah, yeah. The only thing is, is that like an 18 hour flight or something? Or even longer? Everywhere is an 18 hour flight, bro. Oh my gosh, I want to get back to Singapore. It's like a 24 hour flight. Actually, I've done layovers in China to get to Singapore. Oh my goodness. So it's closer than for me to get home. Even Australia was like an 18 hour flight. So when you think of like the biggest trips you've done so far, what like sticks out to you the most? Like what is like your most treasured memory from every place you've been to? The friends we make along the way. No, I mean, I mean, I guess that's true to some extent, right, like. I've done trips where I've gone with people that I was already really close with and it was really, you know, just magical sharing these moments with them. Yeah, and I've also done trips. With like people who were basically complete strangers before we went on the trip, which from a safety perspective questionable. But honestly it always worked out really well for me and so far. I don't know if I do it anymore. But yeah, like just, you know, when I did that, did that Indonesia trip, it was a group of I was friends with one of the girls and then the other four people we didn't know at all. And we were just bouncing around hostels in Indonesia.

Segment 8: And we were there for a week and we all just became so close. Like, I think that if that exchange hadn't ended and if we would have stayed there for the rest of that trip, that would have been become my core friend group. Oh, wow, really. But yeah, I think just getting to like experience. Really unique things around the world with people. And like I think the other thing is just. Like I really like. Going to places with a lot of history or like when I go to museums, I spend a really long time just staring at everything because it's like. Mind blowing to me, how long those things have been there for. How much they've seen. Like if those structures or if those artifacts could talk? I don't know. I just find that really cool. That's really cool. Yeah, I think that's like a big part of being able to be more present, I guess, 'cause I know when you were in Europe, I feel like you were super present, 'cause like you kinda. Like you know, it's not like you're posting everything you're doing as you're doing it. I still haven't posted. Yeah, yeah, exactly. But like, I think that's really good, 'cause I find it really hard sometimes, like when I'm out, I just kind of, you know, you have that, like need to want to share it with them, I mean.

Segment 9: I will say I did that kind of at the start of the trip. And then I think, I think I told you this, but that first week that I was in on the Greek islands, I posted that I was at the beach and I tagged the beach I was at. And someone replied to me, just some random person. Hi, are you in? Oh, and I was like, what the hell?

Segment 10: So after that, and I think since then, like I post a lot less in general because it's like I don't really wanna post things while I'm there anymore. Yeah, if I can avoid it. And so a lot of the time I'll take pictures and I'll be like, oh, I'll post it later, but then I just won't remember to.

Segment 11: No, I I think that might be the way to go because people are scary. Yeah, that was the biggest thing. But it definitely did help me be a lot more present. Yeah, so that was nice. Where do you wanna go first? Like if I gave you $10,000 right now and I said. Go wherever you want like. Oh my God bro. Same like that. Is #1 on my list? Actually I forgot to say that, but yes. No, because like, I think you you, I don't remember if I told you, but like when I was a kid, we used to have exchange students that would stay with us. We were like their host families and they'd be in Canada for like the summer. And you know, they go around bath and whatever. And we would typically host Taiwanese students and you know, they're super sweet, very nice, whatever, but they would show us. Pictures of like Taiwan and everything. And they would tell us about different festivals and stuff. And I've always wanted to go and I have one of the students, like, I'm still in contact with him and he's like anytime, like he travels a lot. But he's like, if I'm in, if I'm back home and you ever want to come and visit, he's like, come by. He's like, we'll take care of you. We'll be your, like your host family and we'll show you around. And I'm like, that's so freaking cool. Like I would love to go and it's always like in the back of my mind, like if I had money.

Segment 12: And it didn't cost like two or three K to get there. I feel like that's where I would go instantly and like, be there maybe like a month. I feel like a month wouldn't even be enough, 'cause it's kind of like one of those trips, in my opinion, that would be like once in a lifetime, like, because you never know what happens in the future, right? So it's like if you have enough and like, you know, you can go back. Obviously, I probably would, But if I'm gonna go there, I'm gonna try to make the most of it, Yeah. Then, you know, I don't regret that I didn't get more time to do things, you know what I mean? Yeah, Taiwan's definitely number one on my list, like. I have a lot of friends from Taiwan as well and. I just, I feel like it's such a beautiful country and it's. I really want to go to Taiwan actually. If I got to choose between a trip to Taiwan and China, like right now, I think I would pick Taiwan. Yeah, it just it looks so beautiful and like. I feel like it's not a super touristy spot either, so I feel like there's a lot more to. Yes and no. I feel like within Asia it is more. Like I wouldn't say like cause a lot of people wanna go to Taiwan, but I feel like within like North America.

Segment 13: I don't think assummaries_text.write(f"Segment {i}: {summary}\n\n") many people in North America, like, unless they had an experience like you, or unless they're like actively trying to learn Chinese or something like that, really. Think of Taiwan, right? Because if they wanna go to Asia, they wanna go to Korea or Japan. Even China gets left out of that conversation a lot for a very different reason. That's also really annoying. And then even when people do talk about Taiwan, they kind of have this like skewed media view of it that's very closely tied to China. But I think within Asia itself it is a pretty popular destination. OK. Yeah, that would make more sense. Like, I think you're right on the money with that.

Segment 14: Like a lot of people, at least here typically, you wouldn't like, think to go to Taiwan for I think a lot of people don't even know what Taiwan is like, I've talked about Taiwan before and they thought I was talking about Thailand and I'm like, no, bro, those are two different places. Those are not the same. Yeah, definitely not. But I that's what I want to do is I would go to Taiwan if I had the money. Yeah, we got to do a trip to Taiwan. My mom really wants to go too. Honestly, I'm so down and like I said, I can talk to him and then like, he's super nice guy. He's very chill and I'm sure, like, he'd be like, I'm sure it'd be a great time, yeah. Hopefully, Fingers crossed, I might also go to Japan next year. We'll see. Oh yeah, that's right. You were telling me. Yeah, but hopefully I go to Singapore. We'll see. But yeah, I mean, if those things happen, I'm definitely gonna try to make more of it this time and try to see more of Asia. And what I really wanna try is their street food in in Taiwan. It just looks really like across Asia, like Asia has street food down, It's great. But yeah, yeah, 'cause here like obviously we have like nothing that's even like comparable. No, we have McDonald's and now McDonald's cost the same as like a full course meal. So like, and it's not even it's, it's worse than it used to be and like triple the price. Yeah, yeah. But like, for me, if I, like, decide to travel, my biggest thing, aside from, like, you know, discovering the cultural aspects, is the food, 'cause I like, I wanna try everything. I wanna, I want someone to be able to, like, talk about a certain food and I can be like, I've tried that, yeah. I eat so much. Well, how could you not 'cause it's like you're there. It might as well enjoy everything that you know it has to offer. Like, I know I would eat everything I could. Yeah, When we went to Europe, it was a lot of like. We get somewhere and then I would Google all of the food and then I would find a restaurant or like a little street food stall or something and I'd be like, this is where we're going. And then Aaron would just be like, OK.
Yeah, especially like being able to go with someone who doesn't have, like, a picky palette is like the best thing, 'cause I have some friends that just will not like, try anything that's like, you know, outside of their comfort palette. But if you're with him, that's like, hey, try this with me one time. You gotta bring your foodie friends. Yeah, that's something that's like really great about Aaron is like. I feel like he hasn't tried a lot of things. And like, he kind of eats things that are familiar to him. Because it's just like, easy, right? But like for the most part, if I'm like, I wanna try this thing, he's like down to just go with me.

Segment 15: He doesn't really care, although he can be a bit picky. He has like a lot of very specific textures that he just refuses to eat. Oh my gosh. I forgot to tell you. I finally tried. What's it called? So I went to watch. My mom went to TNT and she got like. Do you know, like those pineapple cakes? It's like that, crumbly. Yeah, OK, like that. But it had like durian filling inside, so it's not like the proper fruit.

Segment 16: But I understand why people say it's stinky. I was like this smells like trash, but I tried it. I am still undecided. Like, I I ate the thing. I finished it. Yeah, I didn't love it. I didn't hate it. I stay away from those sort of like dessert fillings. I'm a little scared of them, but I'm honestly, I feel like, yeah, you got to try the fresh stuff to decide. And like, yeah, when I say fresh stuff, I don't even mean just like a real durian. I mean like a real fresh durian because they do get pretty gross.

Segment 17: After a little while. Yeah, like, I've I've seen so many videos of people eating it and they're like, the best way to describe it is like vanilla garbage. And I was like, what does that mean? Or like like a custard with, like garbage? And I was like, I was like, what are they talking about? And maybe are they white people? Yeah, OK, that explains it. I was like, that doesn't sound right. So then I tried it and I was like, OK, I understand like the smell sure. But I'm like it does have like a custardy, like vanilla kind of taste. But I wouldn't say garbage. It was just like, yeah, honestly, I think that like very fresh durians. I think they smell good. Yeah, like, I think even after just like a couple days of sitting, they get a little stinky.

Segment 18: They don't taste as good. But yeah, I'd say definitely try a proper durian before you decide. Yeah, And I also had. Oh, my God, what's it called? Is it uni? Like the sea urchin? Oh, I don't like sea urchin. No, I You know what? I went to this Japanese restaurant in Calgary that had it. Which one? OK, Poncho. No, I think it's called, like, it's something similar. It's like Hojin Izakaya. I haven't been to that one. OK Yeah. So I went. And yeah, I don't know. I really tried to love it. And like, I got a like a decent portion of it, but. I don't know. It was like I said I didn't. I I don't hate it, don't really love it. I feel like it's gonna take me a couple of tries to. I really get into it. I didn't like the texture, I think. The texture made me really uncomfortable. Yeah, yeah, me too. But The thing is like, I can eat slimy things like oysters with no problem, but that one.

Segment 19: I'm not too sure what it was, but yeah, it definitely, yeah, it was like a little off putting. Yeah, I don't know. Like, it wasn't just slimy. There's like. Something else about it? Yeah, I don't know. I haven't really tried it in a while, so I kind of forget. I just remember being a little disappointed in it. The one thing I do like, though, is eel. Oh, I love eel. Yeah, that's good. I can eat lots of you. Oh, my God, bro. I have to take you to Singapore. If I go to Singapore next year, you have to come visit me. OK, Yeah, I'm done. But you have to, like, give me enough notice so I can buy a ticket. Oh, yeah, for sure. But yeah, like, Oh my God, if you like food, you will love Singapore. And I know.

Segment 20: What to get to? Yeah, that would be great. Because you know what? I just, I will go. I just need someone to go first or to, like, push me to go if I have to do it by myself. That just gets too overwhelming. I mean, hey, I'm going. I'm like, OK, I'll let you know as soon as I know, 'cause we haven't even started applying for the visa yet, 'cause the contact over there is pretty busy, OK? So right now, still a little up in the air, but yeah, definitely come visit me for a week. That'd be fun, yeah. Or a month. Whatever comes with you can come for a month if you want. I just can't guarantee that I will always be free. Yeah, that's fair. But I mean, you can do a little bit of exploration as well. Yeah, I also wanna do that. I wanna do like, like 20, OK, Because I hate being alone, right? Like, I don't. I don't know how I do like, solo, solo traveling, but it is something I wanna be comfortable doing that I can be like, OK, let's go wander around by myself. I I mean, I wouldn't recommend that in, like, in Singapore. I think it'd be fine. But if you wanted to go anywhere else in Southeast Asia, I wouldn't recommend going by yourself, OK? It's like not that bad, but just like trafficking is a bit of an issue, but it's not so bad if, like, you're with people. But like, if you're walking around by yourself, then it's a bit of an issue, yeah, but Singapore is pretty safe I would say. But yeah, like, we could even go on like weekend trips and stuff to. Malaysia or Indonesia or Vietnam or Thailand? Like all the other countries are so close by. Also, your mom still needs to make the laksa for me. I think about it. And I'm like, do you? I forgot. I'm not gonna lie. I can ask her. Oh, Oh yeah, because I wanted to go to Banana Leaf cause.

Segment 21: Oh no, there was another restaurant that I found that had laksa, but it was not as good as your mom's. OK, why don't we do a double date to Banana Leaf? Because I've been meaning to take Aaron too. Oh, OK yeah, we can do that, 'cause I think Emmanuel would like it too, based off like, what you told me. And I've looked at their menu too. And I'm like, that's pretty good. Well, Malaysian food is very heavily derived from Indian food as well. There you go. It's like a melting pot of like, Chinese, Indian, and like a bunch of other cultures just combined into a new thing. So yeah, yeah, we could totally plan for that. Well, we are 26 minutes in, so I think we're good. Thank you for chatting with me. I hope I didn't distract you too much.

Segment 22: No, no, no, you're good. This is great. Thanks, girl. I'll talk to you later. OK, Bye.

