Segment 0: She wants to go skydiving right now. She sends me pictures of her and I thought she was joking at first, but then she was serious and she sends me the pictures too. I was not ready when she was ready, but now I am.

Segment 1: Emmanuel and Bro are thinking about going for motorcycle lessons together. Bro wants to get his motorcycle license. Bro has been talking about it for 2 years. Emmanuel would probably go with Bro. Bro needs to rent a motorcycle or buy one. Bro is still learning and needs to be careful.

Segment 2: I want to rent a bike. But I don't know if I trust myself enough to do that. I did my lessons and I did drop two bikes, but they couldn't charge me because it's included in the fee. I want to go to Egypt. I've achieved a lot of things in the past couple of years.

Segment 3: If you're going to Australia, you might be disappointed because it's dirty and they don't like tourists. I also want to go to Australia.   I heard it's actually really like kind of dirty and kind of they're route the tourists, which is fair. 

Segment 4: I want to go back to Australia. I haven't given you any of the postcards or anything that I've collected for you. I remember you gave me the ones from Paris. I'm sure I grabbed some stuff for you when I was in Australia, but I don't have it now.

Segment 5: I have a collection of postcards of places I've never been, but I will go to, because that's the whole point of a postcard: to remind me to go there.    I love that you think of me like that. 

Segment 6: I want to go bungee jumping, skydiving and zip lining through the rainforest. I want to get a postcard from Australia. I also want to try both skydive and bungee jump, but I'm a little scared. I always think of the story of a guy who went bungee jumped and split in half. 

Segment 7: I've been to China, Beijing and Shanghai, some of the less touristy places in China. I've done layovers in China to get back to Singapore. The trip to Australia was an 18-hour flight. My most treasured memory from every trip is the friends I've made along the way.

Segment 8: If the exchange hadn't ended, I think I would have a core friend group of people. When I was in Europe, I was there for a week and we all became really close. I really like history and museums. I find them really cool. 

Segment 9: I posted on Facebook that I was at the beach on the Greek islands and someone replied to me saying they were there and I was like, what the hell, and I didn't know what to do with it at the time, but later it turned out it was a good idea.

Segment 10: After that, I don't want to post things while I'm there anymore. I'll take pictures and I'll be like, oh, I'll post it later, but then I won't remember to, and then I'll have to do it later.

Segment 11: When I was a kid, we used to host Taiwanese exchange students that would stay with us for the summer in Canada. I've always wanted to go to Taiwan. One of the students is still in touch with him and he offers to take care of me if I come back home.

Segment 12: If I could go anywhere in the world, Taiwan would be the first place on my list. I have a lot of friends from Taiwan and I want to visit them. I would like to spend a month in Taiwan. Taiwan is not a touristy place but it is beautiful.

